# Compile commands JSON to Atmel Studio converter (CAST)

This tool can convert ``compile_commands.json`` generated by CMake to Atmel
Studio format, which is still an IDE of choice for the developers using Windows.

The main idea is that there must be a proper build script for the building
system support compile_commands.json. Atmel Studio should act only as IDE,
flash tool and debugger. This tool doesn't help you create proper build scripts,
and also it provides no two-way synchronization.

## How to use it


	python3 -m cast -c <path to compile_commands.json> \
	                -t <path to template project.cproj> \
	                -o <path to output_file.cproj> \
	                -w <working directory>


There are four main parameters:

1. ``-c <path to compile_commands.json>``. This file is generated by CMake when ``CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS`` is passed. For example:

	set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON)

2. ``-t <path to template project.cproj>``. You should prepare template in advance. We assume it is more reasonable than generating a file with empty values. The file should replace ``ItemGroup`` for file list and folder list accordingly:

	```
	  <ItemGroup>
	/*FileGroup*/
	  </ItemGroup>
	  <ItemGroup>
	/*FolderGroup*/
	  </ItemGroup>
	```

    In the end, these comments will be replaced with the actual lists of files.
    Also, be sure to enable Makefile build.
3. ``-o <path to output_file.cproj>``. The path to generated file. This file should be referred to from .atsln file for easier access.

4. ``-w <working directory>``. The working directory will be truncated from paths.

Example:

	python3 -m cast -c build/compile_commands.json -t tmpl.cproj -o my_sw.cproj -w /home/test

## Authors

Maxim Menshikov

## License
MIT
